I make public the Paper TKS BETTER CRYPTO – DERIVED SPIRALS so that someone or group of people can develop, code and make what is written come true. 
The paper can be viewed at: https://tks1ing.blogspot.com/
These are two THESES. The first thesis, in four pages, deals with the unprecedented use of spirals of positive integers for sequencing prime numbers without the need for factoring. 
Using a parent spiral and several other spirals derived from the parent spiral, each with its own constant requirements, one after the other,
it is possible to define patterns of prime numbers and put them in order. It is possible to take a number at random and find the prime terms.

He estimates that the use of spirals makes it possible to break encryption of security keys that use prime numbers, without robust calculations, 
dispensing with brute force by trial and error, without quantum computers, just programming a desktop computer. 
The thesis is that using spirals it is possible to find prime factors of security keys larger than 2048 bits. 
Something that leaves a lot of data security people with their hair standing on end.

Otherwise it is possible to use the same spirals to form other types of data protection. Organizing the spirals to perform agile, versatile, flexible and light operations,
easy to check if the solution is valid, but difficult to do the inverse operation. 
Possibility of creating mutant security keys at every lapse of time, light and easy to certify, however requiring greater brute force than the one currently required to do the opposite way,
having the time factor as a complicating factor. It needs further tests, however if proven, it can be used in a mercantilist way as a data security tool. 
More broadly, he estimates that the use of spirals can be used in agile, versatile, flexible and lightweight blockchain, with unprecedented scalability. 
Lightweight and agile enough to use smartphones as transaction certifying nodes. This blockchain may be fully open or may be permissioned for commercial purposes.

The second thesis deals with the idealization of decentralized retail Cryptocurrency for common day-to-day transactions. 
The need, why create, how to create, exchange and reserve value, liquidity, stability, scalability, Smart contracts, extra layer of protection in wallets,
legality, harmony with regulatory norms of central banks and governments, synergy with other cryptocurrencies, community building , governance, cause, goals, donations. 
One of the objectives is to provide people in situations of social vulnerability with the possibility of obtaining amounts equivalent to 5 dollars a day for their basic sustenance. 
New meaning to the use of digital currencies. Cryptocurrency is intended for common day-to-day retail transactions, which means that it is fully accepted in retail,
it may be relevant for other cryptocurrencies. The idea is that when someone who owns bitcoin or ether and needs to carry out retail transactions does not have to buy dollars,
but buys the currency object of this paper and performs the retail transaction. 
This is good so that bitcoin, ether and other relevant currencies do not need exchanges for all purchase and sale transactions (cryptocurrency x dollar). 
This escapes the interference of governments in the cryptocurrency market through exchanges.

The Paper is a public call to make what is written come true. It can be seen at https://tks1ing.blogspot.com/ if you want you can share it with whoever you want. 
At the end of the Paper, there is a chat link to express your opinion, discuss, contribute or find out more details.

Don't be on the other side of history!
